[ADD] Inventory: USPS delivery method (#17878)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/usps.rst

================
USPS integration
================

Integrating a USPS account with Odoo's **Inventory** app makes it possible to calculate delivery
rates and generate delivery labels within Odoo. This is accomplished by enabling the USPS shipping
connector, then configuring at least one delivery method.

Enable shipping connector
=========================

To enable the USPS shipping connector, open the :menuselection:`Apps` app from the main Odoo

> dashboard. In the :guilabel:`Search` field, search for `USPS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dashboard. In the :guilabel:`Search` field, search for `USPS`  and click :guilabel:`Install`.
```

Reviewer: from 17.0

After the shipping connector is installed, the USPS connector is enabled by default.

> Configure USPS business account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a USPS business account
```

Reviewer: from 17.0

===============================

A USPS business account is required to obtain the information needed to :ref:`fill out the fields in

> the delivery method form <inventory/shipping_receiving/usps-configuration>`. To create a new

Reviewer: [new suggestion] not in this PR, but the original PR #17873 for 17.0 -- 
i believe the `ref` label should say shipping _method_ form instead of shipping _connector_ form

On this page, make note of the :guilabel:`Customer Registration ID (CRID)`, the :guilabel:`Master
Mailer ID`, and the :guilabel:`Label Mailer ID`.

Click the :guilabel:`My Apps` link at the top of the screen.

Open the :guilabel:`Developer Apps` tab. Click the :guilabel:`Add App` button. In the *Add App*
pop-up window, specify an :guilabel:`App Name`. Select the APIs to use. Finally, click the
:guilabel:`Add App` button.

A window opens, titled after the app name. Keep this window open as the delivery method is
configured. The :guilabel:`Consumer Key` and :guilabel:`Consumer Secret` will be necessary in the
delivery method form.

Configure delivery method
=========================

Once the USPS shipping connector is enabled, at least one delivery method must be configured. After
doing so, the delivery method can be included in sales orders (SOs) and used to compute delivery
costs and print shipping labels.

Open or create a new delivery method. Navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration -->
Delivery Methods`, then open an existing USPS delivery method to display its form. Alternatively,

> click :guilabel:`New` to open a blank form and configure a new delivery method.

Reviewer: [new suggestion] consider swapping so `new` comes first and `open existing` second
assuming the reader is learning how to configure for the first time

Author: The reasons I left it like that:

- Other delivery methods do the same
- There are existing forms that they can modify first

.. image:: usps/method-form.png
   :alt: The USPS Domestic delivery method, fully configured.

.. important::

>    Enabling the USPS shipping connector automatically creates two default delivery methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The USPS shipping connector automatically creates two default delivery methods:
```

>    :guilabel:`USPS Domestic` and :guilabel:`USPS International`. Each of these methods is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`USPS Domestic` and :guilabel:`USPS International`. These methods are
```

   preconfigured with test credentials, allowing them to be used for testing purposes.

>    Before the delivery method can be used to create actual shipments, the test credentials must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To create actual shipments using the default delivery methods, the test credentials must be
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] alternative wording for directness

>    replaced with credentials from a valid USPS account.

Reviewer: [new suggestion] consider moving this up, before instructing the reader to open existing/create new
that context is helpful if they're fine using the defaults

General information
-------------------

At the top of a delivery method form are fields that configure how the method operates in Odoo. In

> the :guilabel:`Provider` field, select :guilabel:`USPS` from the drop-down menu if it is not already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields at the top of the delivery method form configure how the method operates in Odoo. In
the :guilabel:`Provider` field, select :guilabel:`USPS` from the drop-down menu if it is not already
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] alternative wording for directness

selected.

The remaining fields in this section are general to all delivery providers. For details on how to
fill them out, see :doc:`third_party_shipper`.

.. _inventory/shipping_receiving/usps-configuration:

USPS Configuration tab
----------------------

> The options in the *USPS Configuration* tab of a USPS delivery method form are used to connect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options in the *USPS Configuration* tab are used to connect the
```

method to a USPS account and to configure the delivery details associated with it.

> Configure the following fields in the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill out the following fields in the form:
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] alternative wording to avoid back-to-back use of "configuration"

- :guilabel:`EPS Number`: The Enterprise Payment System (EPS) account number identifies the payment

>   account and is used for electronic funds transfers. After a payment account is added in the COP

Reviewer 2: same feedback as last PR! (: let's turn each instance of COP to:
```
:abbr:`COP (Customer Onboarding Portal)`

> - :guilabel:`EPS Number`: The Enterprise Payment System (EPS) account number identifies the payment
>   account and is used for electronic funds transfers. After a payment account is added in the COP
>   tool, the EPS number will display, or it can be retrieved from the `USPS Business Customer Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`EPS Number`: Identifies the payment
  account and is used for electronic funds transfers. Add a payment account in the COP
  tool to see the EPS number, or retrieve it from the `USPS Business Customer Gateway
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] consider `abbr` for eps

  <https://epay.usps.com/paymod/>`_.

> - :guilabel:`CRID`: The CRID is a number that identifies a physical business address across all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`CRID`: The CRID is a number that identifies the physical business address across all
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] referring to the specific business the reader's configuring for

  USPS systems and applications.
- :guilabel:`MID`: This is listed as the :guilabel:`Master Mailer ID` in the COP.

> - :guilabel:`Manifest MID`: This is listed as the :guilabel:`Label Mailer ID` in the COP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`MID`: This is the :guilabel:`Master Mailer ID` listed in the COP.
- :guilabel:`Manifest MID`: This is the :guilabel:`Label Mailer ID` listed in the COP.
```

Reviewer: from 17.0

- :guilabel:`USPS API Key`: This is the :guilabel:`Consumer Key` credential for the app created in
  the USPS COP tool.

> - :guilabel:`USPS API Secret`: This is the :guilabel:`Consumer Secret` credential for the app

Reviewer: [new suggestion] consider replacing "this is" with a verb like "enter" or "fill in"

  created in the USPS COP tool.

> - :guilabel:`Label Format`: Specify the file format that generated labels should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Label Format`: Select the file format that generated labels should use.
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] field is a drop-down

> - :guilabel:`USPS Package Type`: Specify or select the package type to use for shipping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`USPS Package Type`: Select or create the package type to use for shipping.
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] field is a drop-down w/create

> - :guilabel:`USPS Domestic Service` or :guilabel:`USPS International Service`: Specify or select the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`USPS Domestic Service` or :guilabel:`USPS International Service`: Select the
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] field is a drop-down

  service level that should be used to generate shipping labels.

> - :guilabel:`Delivery Nature`: Specify whether the delivery method is :guilabel:`Domestic` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Delivery Nature`: Select whether the delivery method is :guilabel:`Domestic` or
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] field is a drop-down

  :guilabel:`International`.

> - :guilabel:`Content Type`: Specify the type of content that will be shipped in packages with this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Content Type`: Select the type of content that will be shipped in packages with this
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] field is a drop-down

  delivery method.

In the :guilabel:`Options` section, configure the following fields:

- :guilabel:`Domestic Rating Indicator` or :guilabel:`International Rating Indicator`: USPS uses
  specific indicators, pricing groups, and automated classification systems to distinguish between
  domestic and international shipments for rating purposes. These systems help ensure accurate
  postage calculations based on factors such as destination, package weight, dimensions, and

>   selected mail class. Select the rating indicator that works best for shipping needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Domestic Rating Indicator` or :guilabel:`International Rating Indicator`: Select the rating indicator that works best for shipping needs. USPS uses
  specific indicators, pricing groups, and automated classification systems to distinguish between
  domestic and international shipments for rating purposes. These systems help ensure accurate
  postage calculations based on factors such as destination, package weight, dimensions, and
  selected mail class.
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] consider leading with user action

- :guilabel:`Processing Category`: Select a packaging processing category.
- :guilabel:`Generate Return Label`: For domestic shipments only. Select this checkbox to
  automatically generate a return label when the delivery is validated.

> Turn on the USPS integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turn on the USPS delivery method
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] to specify method vs. connector/integration

============================

After the USPS connection is set up, use the smart buttons at the top of the form to publish, turn
on production mode, or activate debug logging.

- :guilabel:`Unpublished` / :guilabel:`Published`: Determines if this delivery method is available

>   on the user's **eCommerce** website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Unpublished` / :guilabel:`Published`: Determines whether the delivery method is available
  on the **eCommerce** website.
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] alternative wording to avoid third person

- :guilabel:`Test Environment` / :guilabel:`Production Environment`: Determines whether label
  creation is for testing and canceled immediately (:guilabel:`Test`) or generating a real shipping

>   label that is charged to the USPS account (:guilabel:`Production`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Test Environment` / :guilabel:`Production Environment`: Determines whether the delivery method creates
  :guilabel:`Test` labels, which are canceled immediately,  or :guilabel:`Production` labels, which are real shipping
  labels charged to the USPS account.
```

Reviewer: [new suggestion] alternative wording for directness

- :guilabel:`No Debug` / :guilabel:`Debug Requests`: Determines whether API requests and responses

>   are logged in Odoo (turn on developer mode and go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical

Reviewer: [new suggestion] link to developer mode article

Reviewer: [new suggestion] in case user doesn't know how to turn it on
